content/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Malawi Data Science Bootcamp 2021"
date: "2020-01-20"
description: "Malawi's first Data Science Bootcamp"
draft: false
identifier: "main"
---

# Welcome!

Malawi Data Science Bootcamp 2021 is the first of its kind in Malawi: For a whole week, regional experts, young talents and international guests are meeting around the subject of Data Science.

In the lead-up to the **Data Science Bootcamp**, a week of tutorials in Python and Data Science takes place, the **Python Week of Code**.


# When and where

* Week 1: October 18-22 Python Week of Code
* Week 2: October 25-29 Data Science Bootcamp

Events will take place at [Mzuzu University's new Open Distance Learning](/venue/) facility in **Lilongwe, Malawi**. Accommodation will be offered in the nearby surroundings, making it a comfortable, fun and productive stay for everyone involved.

#### Updates

📢 **October 11th 2021** - Program taking shape  📢

We have started to add entries to the programs. Please see the two menu items above in the main menu 🆙


📢 **October 9th 2021** - Updates from organizers  📢

We have had a number of small online meetings with facilitators, and a final program for the whole event is almost ready.

And just 9 days left now before Python Week of Code kicks off! We are very excited! If you are experienced with Python and interested in assisting us, please write info@mwdata.science.

<div style="display: none">

📢 **August 24th 2021** - Python Week of Code program  📢

The headlines of the program for the Python Week of Code have been decided and are announced further down and in our [Call for Partipation](/cfp/).
Everything is well underway. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to reach out!

📢 **July 30th 2021** - Registration (Week 1) for Python Week of Code <strong>OPEN</strong> 📢

We are happy to announce that the registration for Python Week of Code is open, following the conclusion of the registration for Week 2.

📢 **June 30th 2021** - Registrations (Week 2) are closed 📢

In the coming weeks, we are sending out responses to everyone who have registered.
We have received just over 100 registrations. Thanks to everyone for your support!


📢 **June 11th 2021** - Adjustment in registration process 📢

Registration will close on <u>June 30th</u>. We have already received many requests, big
thanks to everyone for this support. Once all requests are processed, we will send out
invitations to apply for scholarship. We expect this to be around mid-July.

People who have already registered will receive a confirmation by email within the next week.

📢 **May 10th 2021** - Today, registrations have opened 📢<br>
📢 **May 9th 2021** - Facilitators for Week 2 have been announced 📢

</div>

<strong>To stay updated, follow us on Twitter: [@mwdatabootcamp](https://twitter.com/mwdatabootcamp)</strong>

# Facilitators

{{< speakerlist speakers="akuzike amelia jessica maria michael rachel ralph richard tiwonge winnie wiza" >}}

# Organizers and hosts

{{< speakerlist speakers="reuben stanley" >}}


# Program

## Week 1: Python Week of Code

The Python Week of Code happens October 18-22 (Monday-Friday) and will be full days of tutorials, exercises and talks.

The purpose of the event is to provide participants with a basic Python knowledge with a special focus on Data Science.
This is both a great way to be introduced to Python and Data Science in general and an opportunity to prepare if you
have been accepted for Week 2's Data Science Bootcamp (but that's NOT a requirement).

{{% include "./static/include/week1_program_table.md" %}}

## Week 2: Malawi Data Science Bootcamp

The following is a rough draft of the program. You can find more details about the contents in our [Call for Participation](/cfp/).

{{% include "./static/include/week2_program_table.md" %}}


# Venue

The event takes place at Mzuzu University's new Learning Center in Lilongwe. It has capacity both for workshops and lectures.

[About the venue, see it on a map, accommodation options and transportation »](/venue)

{{< imgProc
img="photo1.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="150x150"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}

{{< imgProc
img="photo2.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="150x150"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}

{{< imgProc
img="photo3.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="150x150"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}

{{< imgProc
img="photo4.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="150x150"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}

<div style="clear: both"></div>

# Who are we?

We are a group of people from Mzuzu University, Copenhagen University and FAIR (Fair Allocation of Infotech Resources) and Python Namibia, joining hands to build a community around Data Science and Python in Malawi. We hope that the event will inspire and build long-lasting bonds and projects for the ones involved.

## We can use your help

If you want to help us with Malawi Data Science Bootcamp, please send us an email to
[info@mwdata.science](mailto:info@mwdata.science).


# Supporters
<br>

<a href="https://kdd.org" target="_blank" class="sponsor">
{{< imgProc
img="logo-kdd.png"
command="Fit"
options="280x110"
alt="SIGKDD"
class="img-sponsor"
>}}
</a>

<a href="https://www.mzuni.ac.mw/" target="_blank" class="sponsor">
{{< imgProc
img="logo-mzuni.png"
command="Fit"
options="280x110"
alt="Mzuzu University"
class="img-sponsor"
>}}
</a>

<a href="https://di.ku.dk/" target="_blank" class="sponsor">
{{< imgProc
img="logo-ku.png"
command="Fit"
options="280x110"
alt="Department of Computer Science - Copenhagen University"
class="img-sponsor"
>}}
</a>

<a href="https://pynamibia.herokuapp.com/" target="_blank" class="sponsor">
{{< imgProc
img="logo-pynam.png"
command="Fit"
options="250x100"
alt="Python Community of Namibia"
class="img-sponsor"
>}}
</a>

<a href="https://www.django-denmark.org/" target="_blank" class="sponsor">
{{< imgProc
img="djangodanmark.png"
command="Fit"
options="280x110"
alt="Django Denmark"
class="img-sponsor"
>}}
</a>


<a href="https://www.fairdanmark.dk/en/" target="_blank" class="sponsor">
{{< imgProc
img="logo-fair.png"
command="Fit"
options="280x110"
alt="Fair Allocation of Infotech Resources (FAIR Denmark)"
class="img-sponsor"
>}}
</a>

Commit message:

Make the front page shorter, add full program for Python Week of Code

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Malawi Data Science Bootcamp 2021"
date: "2020-01-20"
description: "Malawi's first Data Science Bootcamp"
draft: false
identifier: "main"
---

# Welcome!

Malawi Data Science Bootcamp 2021 is the first of its kind in Malawi: For a whole week, regional experts, young talents and international guests are meeting around the subject of Data Science.

In the lead-up to the **Data Science Bootcamp**, a week of tutorials in Python and Data Science takes place, the **Python Week of Code**.


# When and where

* Week 1: October 18-22 Python Week of Code
* Week 2: October 25-29 Data Science Bootcamp

Events will take place at [Mzuzu University's new Open Distance Learning](/venue/) facility in **Lilongwe, Malawi**. Accommodation will be offered in the nearby surroundings, making it a comfortable, fun and productive stay for everyone involved.

#### Updates

📢 **October 11th 2021** - Program taking shape  📢

We have started to add entries to the programs. Please see the two menu items above in the main menu 🆙


📢 **October 9th 2021** - Updates from organizers  📢

We have had a number of small online meetings with facilitators, and a final program for the whole event is almost ready.

And just 9 days left now before Python Week of Code kicks off! We are very excited! If you are experienced with Python and interested in assisting us, please write info@mwdata.science.

<div style="display: none">

📢 **August 24th 2021** - Python Week of Code program  📢

The headlines of the program for the Python Week of Code have been decided and are announced further down and in our [Call for Partipation](/cfp/).
Everything is well underway. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to reach out!

📢 **July 30th 2021** - Registration (Week 1) for Python Week of Code <strong>OPEN</strong> 📢

We are happy to announce that the registration for Python Week of Code is open, following the conclusion of the registration for Week 2.

📢 **June 30th 2021** - Registrations (Week 2) are closed 📢

In the coming weeks, we are sending out responses to everyone who have registered.
We have received just over 100 registrations. Thanks to everyone for your support!


📢 **June 11th 2021** - Adjustment in registration process 📢

Registration will close on <u>June 30th</u>. We have already received many requests, big
thanks to everyone for this support. Once all requests are processed, we will send out
invitations to apply for scholarship. We expect this to be around mid-July.

People who have already registered will receive a confirmation by email within the next week.

📢 **May 10th 2021** - Today, registrations have opened 📢<br>
📢 **May 9th 2021** - Facilitators for Week 2 have been announced 📢

</div>

<strong>To stay updated, follow us on Twitter: [@mwdatabootcamp](https://twitter.com/mwdatabootcamp)</strong>

# Facilitators

{{< speakerlist speakers="akuzike amelia jessica maria michael rachel ralph richard tiwonge winnie wiza" >}}

# Organizers and hosts

{{< speakerlist speakers="reuben stanley" >}}


# Program

## Week 1: Python Week of Code

The Python Week of Code happens October 18-22 (Monday-Friday) and will be full days of tutorials, exercises and talks.

The purpose of the event is to provide participants with a basic Python knowledge with a special focus on Data Science.
This is both a great way to be introduced to Python and Data Science in general and an opportunity to prepare if you
have been accepted for Week 2's Data Science Bootcamp (but that's NOT a requirement).

[See the full program »](/python-week-of-code/)

## Week 2: Malawi Data Science Bootcamp

The following is a rough draft of the program. You can find more details about the contents in our [Call for Participation](/cfp/).

{{% include "./static/include/week2_program_table.md" %}}

[See the full program »](/program/)

# Venue

The event takes place at Mzuzu University's new Learning Center in Lilongwe. It has capacity both for workshops and lectures.

[About the venue, see it on a map, accommodation options and transportation »](/venue)

{{< imgProc
img="photo1.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="150x150"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}

{{< imgProc
img="photo2.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="150x150"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}

{{< imgProc
img="photo3.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="150x150"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}

{{< imgProc
img="photo4.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="150x150"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}

<div style="clear: both"></div>

# Who are we?

We are a group of people from Mzuzu University, Copenhagen University and FAIR (Fair Allocation of Infotech Resources) and Python Namibia, joining hands to build a community around Data Science and Python in Malawi. We hope that the event will inspire and build long-lasting bonds and projects for the ones involved.

## We can use your help

If you want to help us with Malawi Data Science Bootcamp, please send us an email to
[info@mwdata.science](mailto:info@mwdata.science).


# Supporters
<br>

<a href="https://kdd.org" target="_blank" class="sponsor">
{{< imgProc
img="logo-kdd.png"
command="Fit"
options="280x110"
alt="SIGKDD"
class="img-sponsor"
>}}
</a>

<a href="https://www.mzuni.ac.mw/" target="_blank" class="sponsor">
{{< imgProc
img="logo-mzuni.png"
command="Fit"
options="280x110"
alt="Mzuzu University"
class="img-sponsor"
>}}
</a>

<a href="https://di.ku.dk/" target="_blank" class="sponsor">
{{< imgProc
img="logo-ku.png"
command="Fit"
options="280x110"
alt="Department of Computer Science - Copenhagen University"
class="img-sponsor"
>}}
</a>

<a href="https://pynamibia.herokuapp.com/" target="_blank" class="sponsor">
{{< imgProc
img="logo-pynam.png"
command="Fit"
options="250x100"
alt="Python Community of Namibia"
class="img-sponsor"
>}}
</a>

<a href="https://www.django-denmark.org/" target="_blank" class="sponsor">
{{< imgProc
img="djangodanmark.png"
command="Fit"
options="280x110"
alt="Django Denmark"
class="img-sponsor"
>}}
</a>


<a href="https://www.fairdanmark.dk/en/" target="_blank" class="sponsor">
{{< imgProc
img="logo-fair.png"
command="Fit"
options="280x110"
alt="Fair Allocation of Infotech Resources (FAIR Denmark)"
class="img-sponsor"
>}}
</a>
