content/cfp.md, before:

---
title: "Call for Participation"
date: "2021-04-25"
identifier: "cfp"
---

# Call for Participation

## Important Dates 🔥

| When                | What                              |
| ------------------- | --------------------------------- |
| May 10, 2021        | Registration opens                |
| July 15, 2021       | Scholarship window closes         |
| August 1, 2021      | Scholarships announced            |
| August 20, 2021     | Registration closes               |
| September 1, 2021   | Payment for accepted participants |
| October 18-22, 2021 | Week 1: Python Week of Code       |
| October 25-29, 2021 | Week 2: Data Science School       |


## Registration 🎟️

The event registration is done separately and you may attend either or both weeks.

* Week 1: Python Week of Code
* Week 2: Data Science School

## Overview 🧐

We invite students, scholars and professionals to participate in the First Malawi Data Science School 2021 sponsored by ACM SIGKDD and hosted at Mzuzu University, Malawi.

The mission of the school is to provide a stimulating and safe environment, where a new community is created through new collaborations between participants and facilitators. The school aims at attracting and sustaining participants of diverse backgrounds in the field of data science and to support participants in their career.

The target audience are (not in order of priority): a) students in Computer Science, ICT, and related fields, from the bachelor, , master and PhD and Ph.D. programmes from Malawi and the SADC region b) professionals working in the field of Data Science and c) researchers and lecturers who wish to learn Data Science.

The school will offer lectures and labs on data science: the Python week will provide the students with the basic prerequisites on Python programming and the usage of libraries to process, visualize and analyse data; the data science week will focus on fundamentals of machine learning and neural networks. We invite lecturers from universities in Malawi and neighbouring countries.


## Program Week 1: Python Week of Code 📚
The first module in the event can be attended regardless of participation in Week 2. The event will introduce Python to anyone with a programming background, giving a special focus to Data Science.

The Python Week of Code is co-hosted by Python Namibia and supported by Django Denmark.


## Program Week 2: Data Science School 📚

The activity is a 5-day event. Each day targets 2 lectures and 2 lab sessions. Participants will therefore both learn theoretical and practical lessons.

{{% include "./static/include/program_table.md" %}}

Participation is rewarded with a certificate of participation. An option for academic credits for the Week 2 will be announced here.

## Location 🌈

The 1-week bootcamp event is held at Mzuzu University’s facilities in Lilongwe, Malawi’s capital city.
Both weeks of the event are hosted by Mzuzu University (MZUNI), the second national university in Malawi by enactment, with a student population of almost 10,000 and a faculty size of 500 academics, both projected to double by 2030. ICT and Mathematical Sciences are among the key areas of MZUNI’s academic agenda. Data Science and Health Informatics are among the latest programmes to be added to MZUNI’s offers.

## Organization

* Reuben Moyo, Mzuzu University, Malawi
* Stanley Ndebvu, Mzuzu University, Malawi
* Michael Zimba, Mzuzu University, Malawi
* Maria Maistro, University of Copenhagen, Denmark
* Benjamin Balder Bach, FAIR Danmark, Denmark
* Martin Dybdal, University of Copenhagen, Denmark

## Contact

* Email: [info@mwdata.science](mailto:info@mwdata.science)
* Website: [https://mwdata.science](https://mwdata.science)

Commit message:

Rename from Data Science School to Data Science Bootcamp

content/cfp.md, after:

---
title: "Call for Participation"
date: "2021-04-25"
identifier: "cfp"
---

# Call for Participation

## Important Dates 🔥

| When                | What                              |
| ------------------- | --------------------------------- |
| May 10, 2021        | Registration opens                |
| July 15, 2021       | Scholarship window closes         |
| August 1, 2021      | Scholarships announced            |
| August 20, 2021     | Registration closes               |
| September 1, 2021   | Payment for accepted participants |
| October 18-22, 2021 | Week 1: Python Week of Code       |
| October 25-29, 2021 | Week 2: Data Science Bootcamp     |


## Registration 🎟️

The event registration is done separately and you may attend either or both weeks.

* Week 1: Python Week of Code
* Week 2: Data Science Bootcamp

## Overview 🧐

We invite students, scholars and professionals to participate in the First Malawi Data Science Bootcamp 2021 sponsored by ACM SIGKDD and hosted at Mzuzu University, Malawi.

The mission of the bootcamp is to provide a stimulating and safe environment, where a new community is created through new collaborations between participants and facilitators. The bootcamp aims at attracting and sustaining participants of diverse backgrounds in the field of data science and to support participants in their career.

The target audience are (not in order of priority): a) students in Computer Science, ICT, and related fields, from the bachelor, , master and PhD and Ph.D. programmes from Malawi and the SADC region b) professionals working in the field of Data Science and c) researchers and lecturers who wish to learn Data Science.

The bootcamp will offer lectures and labs on data science: the Python week will provide the students with the basic prerequisites on Python programming and the usage of libraries to process, visualize and analyse data; the data science week will focus on fundamentals of machine learning and neural networks. We invite lecturers from universities in Malawi and neighbouring countries.


## Program Week 1: Python Week of Code 📚
The first module in the event can be attended regardless of participation in Week 2. The event will introduce Python to anyone with a programming background, giving a special focus to Data Science.

The Python Week of Code is co-hosted by Python Namibia and supported by Django Denmark.


## Program Week 2: Data Science Bootcamp 📚

The activity is a 5-day event. Each day targets 2 lectures and 2 lab sessions. Participants will therefore both learn theoretical and practical lessons.

{{% include "./static/include/program_table.md" %}}

Participation is rewarded with a certificate of participation. An option for academic credits for the Week 2 will be announced here.

## Location 🌈

The 1-week bootcamp event is held at Mzuzu University’s facilities in Lilongwe, Malawi’s capital city.
Both weeks of the event are hosted by Mzuzu University (MZUNI), the second national university in Malawi by enactment, with a student population of almost 10,000 and a faculty size of 500 academics, both projected to double by 2030. ICT and Mathematical Sciences are among the key areas of MZUNI’s academic agenda. Data Science and Health Informatics are among the latest programmes to be added to MZUNI’s offers.

## Organization

* Reuben Moyo, Mzuzu University, Malawi
* Stanley Ndebvu, Mzuzu University, Malawi
* Michael Zimba, Mzuzu University, Malawi
* Maria Maistro, University of Copenhagen, Denmark
* Benjamin Balder Bach, FAIR Danmark, Denmark
* Martin Dybdal, University of Copenhagen, Denmark

## Contact

* Email: [info@mwdata.science](mailto:info@mwdata.science)
* Website: [https://mwdata.science](https://mwdata.science)
