content/venue.md, before:

---
title: "Venue"
date: "2020-01-20"
draft: false
identifier: "venue"
---

# Venue

The event takes place at Mzuzu University's new Learning Center in Lilongwe. It has capacity both for workshops and lectures.

<iframe width="425" height="350" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0" src="https://www.openstreetmap.org/export/embed.html?bbox=33.72141838073731%2C-13.92790253100715%2C33.80793571472169%2C-13.858913877443657&amp;layer=hot&amp;marker=-13.893410772608332%2C33.76467704772949" style="border: 1px solid black"></iframe><br/><small><a href="https://www.openstreetmap.org/?mlat=-13.8934&amp;mlon=33.7647#map=14/-13.8934/33.7647&amp;layers=H">View Larger Map</a></small>


## Photos

{{< imgProc
img="photo1.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="300x300"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}

{{< imgProc
img="photo2.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="300x300"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}

{{< imgProc
img="photo3.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="300x300"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}

{{< imgProc
img="photo4.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="300x300"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}


{{< imgProc
img="photo5.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="300x300"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}



## Getting there, accommodation etc.

We will update this site with information about getting to the venue

Commit message:

Add the getting around map

content/venue.md, after:

---
title: "Venue"
date: "2020-01-20"
draft: false
identifier: "venue"
---

# Venue

The event takes place at Mzuzu University's new Learning Center in Lilongwe. It has capacity both for workshops and lectures.

<iframe width="425" height="350" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0" src="https://www.openstreetmap.org/export/embed.html?bbox=33.72141838073731%2C-13.92790253100715%2C33.80793571472169%2C-13.858913877443657&amp;layer=hot&amp;marker=-13.893410772608332%2C33.76467704772949" style="border: 1px solid black"></iframe><br/><small><a href="https://www.openstreetmap.org/?mlat=-13.8934&amp;mlon=33.7647#map=14/-13.8934/33.7647&amp;layers=H">View Larger Map</a></small>


## Photos

{{< imgProc
img="photo1.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="300x300"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}

{{< imgProc
img="photo2.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="300x300"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}

{{< imgProc
img="photo3.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="300x300"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}

{{< imgProc
img="photo4.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="300x300"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}


{{< imgProc
img="photo5.jpeg"
command="Fill"
options="300x300"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
page="/venue-photos"
>}}



## Getting there, accommodation etc.

All attendees should receive direct information about the accommodation provided, if they require.

Please refer to this map for a simplification of how to get around in the area:

{{< imgProc
img="venue_getting_around.jpeg"
command="Fit"
options="800x800 q80"
alt="Main building"
class="img-thumbnail"
>}}
